README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

Below you will find some information on how to perform common tasks.<br>
You can find the most recent version of this guide [here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).


## Folder Structure

After creation, your project should look like this:

```
my-app/
  README.md
  node_modules/
  package.json
  public/
    index.html
    favicon.ico
  src/
    actions/
      index.js
    components/
      App.js
      Details.js
      Home.js
      Preview.js
    helpers/
      api.js
    reducers/
      index.js
    App.css
    App.test.js
    index.css
    index.js
```

## Summary

For this project I started off with just the data returned from the /jobs.frontend endpoint.  The token provided by the login cookie was a Bearer Token so I knew to include that as the Authorization header.  The homepage UI is pretty simple in that it displays all the articles returned from the API as previews with their title, image (if working), and the author(s).  By clicking a Preview component's link you're taken to a details page with more in depth information like the description, publishing date, language, word count, read time and score of the article.  Clicking the image or title leads directly to the respective article's page off of the app.

Data is fetched upon the root component mounting, which in this case is the App component and loaded into redux so that it is available and easy for child components to access without fuss of handing down props.

## Improvements

If I had more time to play around with this, I would first figure out what the most user friendly way is to display the data, because I know clicking on each individual article to check is tedious.  Perhaps displaying the article details as a modal or displaying more information on the Preview component.  Second I would have cleaned up CSS to make the app look like a functioning website and played around with CRUD operations like: adding/deleting an article, voting, favoriting, etc.

## Setup

For the project to build, **these files must exist with exact filenames**:

* `public/index.html` is the page template;
* `src/index.js` is the JavaScript entry point.

You can delete or rename the other files.

You may create subdirectories inside `src`. For faster rebuilds, only files inside `src` are processed by Webpack.<br>
You need to **put any JS and CSS files inside `src`**, otherwise Webpack won’t see them.

Only files inside `public` can be used from `public/index.html`.<br>
Read instructions below for using assets from JavaScript and HTML.

You can, however, create more top-level directories.<br>
They will not be included in the production build so you can use them for things like documentation.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](#deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Supported Browsers

By default, the generated project uses the latest version of React.

You can refer [to the React documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom.html#browser-support) for more information about supported browsers.

Commit message:

Chore: Commenting/Updating README
Commented components, actions, and reducer to explain functionality and updated README improvements to add error implementations

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

Below you will find some information on how to perform common tasks.<br>
You can find the most recent version of this guide [here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).


## Folder Structure

After creation, your project should look like this:

```
my-app/
  README.md
  node_modules/
  package.json
  public/
    index.html
    favicon.ico
  src/
    actions/
      index.js
    components/
      App.js
      Details.js
      Home.js
      Preview.js
    helpers/
      api.js
    reducers/
      index.js
    App.css
    App.test.js
    index.css
    index.js
```

## Summary

For this project I started off with just the data returned from the /jobs.frontend endpoint.  The token provided by the login cookie was a Bearer Token so I knew to include that as the Authorization header.  The homepage UI is pretty simple in that it displays all the articles returned from the API as previews with their title, image (if working), and the author(s).  By clicking a Preview component's link you're taken to a details page with more in depth information like the description, publishing date, language, word count, read time and score of the article.  Clicking the image or title leads directly to the respective article's page off of the app.

Data is fetched upon the root component mounting, which in this case is the App component and loaded into redux so that it is available and easy for child components to access without fuss of handing down props.

## Improvements

If I had more time to play around with this, I would first figure out what the most user friendly way is to display the data, because I know clicking on each individual article to check is tedious.  Perhaps displaying the article details as a modal or displaying more information on the Preview component.  Second I would have cleaned up CSS to make the app look like a functioning website and played around with CRUD operations like: adding/deleting an article, voting, favoriting, etc.  Lastly I would implement an error message if the API failed to respond, and an Error component for a missing route.

## Setup

For the project to build, **these files must exist with exact filenames**:

* `public/index.html` is the page template;
* `src/index.js` is the JavaScript entry point.

You can delete or rename the other files.

You may create subdirectories inside `src`. For faster rebuilds, only files inside `src` are processed by Webpack.<br>
You need to **put any JS and CSS files inside `src`**, otherwise Webpack won’t see them.

Only files inside `public` can be used from `public/index.html`.<br>
Read instructions below for using assets from JavaScript and HTML.

You can, however, create more top-level directories.<br>
They will not be included in the production build so you can use them for things like documentation.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](#deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Supported Browsers

By default, the generated project uses the latest version of React.

You can refer [to the React documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom.html#browser-support) for more information about supported browsers.
